auron and karches don't get along, I mean, but
this guy lied the day he did that
live eating the hamburger
so cocky you paid for this hamburger he
lied and
made up that he had spoken to auron and
that everything was fine it's a complete
lie at that moment he hadn't
spoken to auron then it's true
that he is sending her some messages
apologizing and taking cable
trying to suck up but they are not
well The only luck he's going to have is that I
believed that auron was going to
do it but auron I think in that
sense he's going to regulate a little and he's not going
to go as crazy as he promised but the
luck he has the luck he's going to
have It's that still he's not going to
destroy it Maybe some noise or something like that
but not what I had
planned hit myself with a pat on the back
with that apologize to everyone for that
live eating the hamburger in which you
lie and I've seen pieces here in
this live that we're going to watch now that
is to throw your hands to your head
Uncle Shameless Says that ah that he
has already apologized to Beijing Have you not spoken
to
This is the splash screen that has that as a
splash screen
good evening everyone I would like to be
brief and concise about this whole issue
because I would like it to be like a
nightmare and never have to
remember it again Poor thing eh I mean
because you are the one who is so foolish I would not
like it to be a complete nightmare and
never have to mention it again Of
course because you are the one who is seen as
a fake Of course of course when I
put my foot in it and they catch me lying and they
catch me that I am a self-interested and
fake climber Of course of course man I
want to say a few stupid things here
and get the hell out don't ask me more
about the subject it's a nightmare I don't want to
remember it anymore as you can see no This
is not a live stream or anything if you see that I
'm looking here it's because I have a
notepad I have open the five things
that I want to talk about they are not five but
well five paragraphs that I have here more
or less written And if you see that I look
at the screen a lot it's basically
because that's where  I have it I have it
written down I would like that not to make a mistake
in the tone of voice like the last one says there is
in tones mea culpa okay my
nerves got to me the tone of voice It
wasn't the problem the other time the problem
the other time you lied and on top of that you
came across as a bully insulting the others
who were throwing in your face that you
are a climber and a fake and that you
gave him a traitorous stick auronplay after all I
am a 22 year old kid Ah
what a [ __ ] drag I don't even know how many
times I have heard the hippies say this
when not One is the other I am 22 years old I
am only a 22 year old girl I am only
22 years old I am very small I can be
racist you want to go to mine with
the 22 year old thing man you are a climber and you are
a fake and that it doesn't matter if you are 22
or 15 or 45 if you are a
climber if you are a fake you are
only you have what you have Thanks
to auronplay auronplay you  give the profession
of your life it solves your life and you
because you're a toxic girlfriend who
manipulates you as if you were one of those puppets from
the park the alamillo from Little
Red Riding Hood the wolf the little hand up your
ass and telling you what you have to
say you grabbed at the first opportunity
and said that Auron hasn't changed that he
deserved the Hey that he had and you
blamed him for grooming man he's very
beast if he doesn't want to speak out don't
speak out like he did the good that was
from ibai we will fall for ibai what a lot of cloth
eh I say it there but that you
blamed him it doesn't matter that you're 22 I
know many people who are 22 who are not
traitors and climbers who
suck your blood and then leave you on the
ground what justification is
22 years old I can attribute 22 years old
to mature things [ __ ] because
obviously I was wrong
until I was 30 and something and I will be wrong in my
forties you can  blame
the 22 years to certain things not to you
putting in The stab that you have given to
auronplay because your girlfriend really controls you I
even have another contribution
apart from your girlfriend controlling you because she is
afraid that at any moment your
girlfriend could leave you for someone else that she
likes more or is more interested in really I It's that I think
that you can't see neither Auro
nor Billing that you feel
obligated as it has happened now to
continue hugging her arm because that's what it is
without that you are nothing and you have
had the gall to continue in the
squid game man
what less than on this occasion and
leave the squid game just like your
girlfriend you too what happens is that you have
agreed I am going to leave since I have the worst
eyesight let's see if that way they let you
be calm in the squid game
no no the two of you who have
tried to groom auronplay have to go and the
two of you have tried to regulate by denying what you
have done in front of all of Spain
and the entire internet because the worst thing is not that
no  apologize for the interest no no
the worst thing is that you have not
apologized both one as the other of the
couple are denying in our face
as if we were deaf and stupid what has been
done with all due respect to the deaf
of course you are a cheat and a shameless
I do not want a video here justifying
that you are wrong to read the message
that is a lie I want a video where
you ask for forgiveness for the other right
where you made eat the hamburger that we
had left like a clown because you
with auron you were phenomenal [ __ ]
being 22 also makes you a liar
because it is appearing to me that he
trusts elche again and whoever
invites him again to something you are going to
forgive me but the mask is
completely uncovered first of all
I would like to apologize publicly
because I express myself badly in a clip clip
that is circulating on Twitter
lately I already gave myself the piece of
shame and Shameless wants to
sell us that he asks for forgiveness because it is a
click that has been taken out of context and  he has
misunderstood a clich it is an
entire live blamed with Now not even with Guille
because obviously it is an ugly phrase it is
a plausible phrase If you watch the live and
you see my entire career as I have
expressed myself towards them because at
the end of the day I basically apologize because I expressed myself like an ass I expressed myself badly I got confused when expressing when reading the information and processing it in
my head I thought I had read
deserved instead of undeserved that he was
confused He says it deserved towards
them two it is heavy and they have changed I am not
going to go into the subject I repeat I do not
agree with your comment either
but the subject is not going to be entered that he made a
mistake and heard undeserved instead
of Mere wait I am going to listen again
I got confused when expressing when reading the
information and processing it in my head
I thought I had read deserved instead
of undeserved I thought I had read
deserved instead of undeserved towards
them You have read and deserved You have read and
deserved liar mythomaniac you lied in
the other live and here you lie again
both sides only look for nowadays  I do
n't agree with that
statement either. A person can get heated
and talk about the subject and be wrong. Okay,
but no, but it seems to me that simply
getting heated is not looking, I mean, apart from the fact that it
is a very complicated issue to say
both sides, it is a very complicated issue to
say no, of course we have to
wait for other versions, but when
so many things have come out, what versions are
left? It is a very complicated issue, it is a
very complicated issue, you shameless person. Here you
were also misunderstanding. Here I
was also reading wrong, shameless person,
at least dude, I mean, at least
now he'll complain about being called a
rat, but at least dude. If you're
going to stay in the squid game and
if you're going to ask for forgiveness, ask for forgiveness for what you
've done, ask for forgiveness for what you've
done. No, I read wrong and here you're
saying, between us, in quotes, you
're not saying it very literally.
Well, it's very complicated for Aurora to
have another different version because,
come on, with everything that has been shown,
the matter is clear. You're not
saying that Aurora is guilty, what
version is she going to give? You're a piece of
shame, liar. Everyone has a
past.  and not everyone is perfect
I'm not in favor of that speech either, I was not in
favor of anything that was in favor of
Auron or that padded him a little eh but
I repeat, I'm not going to get into the subject
specifically No I don't agree
with that either not everyone has a
past like Auron's that's not what you
're trying to say there no but oh well
Anyway you have it there in the live
this happens in 319 in 320 I
literally say that I'm not going to get into
the subject because of the love and respect
that I have for Auron I would also
like to clarify another issue that I am not
anyone in agreement to say if x is I'm
not going yes and he's not I'm not going to what
I meant with that phrase basically
is that if the situation continued this
murky towards me personally and they kept
coming to me stealing telling me that
I remember everything for not speaking out on x or y
subject I was going to leave More than anything because it
was getting to affect me and that I
needed to change you can't be
more lying and more false and more of a climber
than you Well yes  there may be some who
say they have a dog that is a
twin brother but my goodness you
can't be more of a climber and a liar than you
that he was saying that he was
disassociating himself from the squid games
But because he was
receiving too much harassment and too many @'s
now they are giving you more stick
people you are losing more followers and they
are throwing more in your face what you have
done and you won't leave I mean but look at you
the guy what he says is not that he wanted to
disassociate me if they continued like this against me
but if now it is worse and you don't leave his
image and the people against you are
now more than ever and you don't leave shameless thing
let's listen to see what I say I mean
you guys have to take into
account one thing apart from the fact that it
is simply not a subject that I can
talk about like that
without more I am not an outsider
Because at the end of the day I am a person
who literally Well I have
literally been having dinner with these people
with Auro or with billn for his birthday
and so on I am a relatively
close person for what I am telling you I am not a
subject that I can talk like this without more I
am clear about what I want to do to
have a clear conscience with
everyone and I repeat everyone
Including everyone is what I
tell you but it is not a subject that I am
going to talk about just like that I have already
said it until some time passes and
this is more clarified I think that
people also have to
understand because it has made me laugh a lot
that there are people on Twitter who say
no man no I mean Anita I will talk about whatever
comes to mind because I am a
person who has always had respect and
who has always tiptoed around
these things because she does not like the
moves what do you want me to say that something
is wrong if it is bad it is that it falls by its
own weight I am not I am not an
outsider nor am I a person
who is a gossip channel nor am I
a person whose content is
based on talking about these things it
seems to me personally that if you are not
a person who literally dedicates yourself to
this like that cloud is an
information channel it seems to me like a heated and it
seems to me  no need to talk about the subject without
further ado, know what I'm telling you, you can give your
opinion like everything else, but it seems to me that
getting into the subject, investigating the subject, your
trusted source is a progressive who
wants to be a socialist with everyone
except him, who says he doesn't want to
be self-employed because he earns 500 euros for the
house, giving 300 to the State, you're
[ __ ] me over, I can't become self-employed, I
literally have 500 and now I
become self-employed, I earn 300, it doesn't make
sense,
what I thought was that I was never going to run away, eh,
never against taxes, man, I
'm a socialist,
paying taxes and I wish they were higher, he
says I like paying taxes, you know
why he likes paying taxes because he does
n't pay them. Oh no, a racist, a sexist
who hates auronplay and who has been
blaming him all these weeks, a
friend of his girlfriend, a good friend of
his girlfriend, obviously, of course, it's a
mess, it seems like a rape to me. Yes, a
heated argument, a skid, a slip-up, it's a slip-
up, it seems like a slip-up to me to get
into this subject at the moment. If it is not
simply and purely to inform
the  people stabbed Not because it is not a
stab because I think that here there is no
concept of Fist nothing Ah No neither is the
owner of the truth no nobody is the owner of
the truth in this case I mean nobody is the
owner of the truth one thing is that and
another thing is to report what is coming
out what I tell you because if you are
an informative channel it is already something so
vast Well it is normal it is your job I
tell you that is why there are no people I mean There are very
few people who can do something like this it is
a very complicated issue to say
no it is that of course we have to wait for other
versions but when
so many things have come out what versions do you have left you
cannot demand that people who talk
about this give their opinion right now or
speak out against borde but
speak out guys there is no need
For example I have already said it at the beginning
if this continues the same and it continues like this then I will
distance myself from all this I do not want to
be linked to it here he is not
saying that he disassociates himself because it
is falling on him a lot Here he is saying if
this continues like this I do not want to be
linked to it to the image of auron
here he's not saying no it's that I can't handle what's coming
down on me here
nothing was coming down on him it started coming down on him
after that I mean it's coming down on him
now and now he's not disengaging now
well deserved towards them both it's heavy
and they've changed I'm not going to get into the
subject I don't agree with your
comment either but it's not going to get
into the subject reading what a barbarity
one has to read when he said that they've
changed watch out for this watch out for this and I
have him and I owe him and I have him
interrupts and says And I owe him an
immense amount of respect no matter how
much it is no matter how
much it is no matter how much it is
to Auron that I'm not going to talk about the subject
live I will not talk about the subject until
some time has passed and when some
time has passed I will speak to my community because they
are the people who see me every day
What I create and should tell you how
strong man how strong eh I mean he has been
called a fake but anyway but I do
n't know what you all think it's worse
how the fake has been seen on these
two or then when they have been caught
lying because they are people who say
well okay look we have or rather because
something else could be Look, it was because of
ideology and because of the way of thinking or because of
the intelligence that I have that
has always haunted me but I It's that I'm very
fast well look I believed that what
the girl said was true I'm
very sorry really yes I called Auron
guilty and I regret it I screwed up
damn Well look yes the truth is I called you
guilty Because it was because of ideology or
because my girlfriend had my head like that well
look yes I tried to blame you I'm
sorry I regret it I screwed up but
no no no no no he is trying to
deceive us with something that can be
verified so easily let's see
what the reaction of the
Followers has been to his video let's see people
have taken the video worse and they have
left tonight in the last day almost
2000 and he is losing
a lot This is what is hurting him
eh that at no time does anyone think
that he is sorry it is that he is not
recognizing the error it is that he is not
recognizing the error Hey look Hey look
yes I believed it I was wrong I'm
so sorry I screwed up just for
this I'm going to have some dignity
I'm going to leave the squid game and I'll
come back when things are better
but no no no no no he's trying to
fool us he's trying to fool us no he made a
mistake when reading because you made a mistake
when reading creature if you read it out loud
and read it well and besides it's not
just the message he reads It's that
then there are other things where you
claim it like you made a mistake or rather he
saw our stupid face and on top of that
The guy starts lying doing a
super cool live messing with
people and Super arrogant eating a
hamburger and you paid for this hamburger well you've
come off as a clown you've come off as a
clown because I've spoken to Auron who is the one he should
talk to and
everything is fine and I hadn't spoken to him I
'm telling you In fact now it's not that they
have spoken much it's
just each one on their own what
the anxiety does the anxiety and the  climb And it's
still that it's that lucky
that you have found Auro because if you
find another one it destroys you and you lose
absolutely everything and then finally and
what I consider most important I think that
this situation has gotten a bit out of
hand with all the cyberbullying and all
the harassment that all the liars do
the same thing man the
problem comes when it affects more people and situations happen like yelling at my mother on the street I mean it turns out you're bringing cyberbullying into the coast here it finally
appears and it's a scripted video recorded
by three thousand full of lies and
mental gymnastics applause that the
hard-working kid that's what happened
half an hour after my video he said he
had no coverage with v on the WiFi and
then he comes out with this garbage video it was
weird let's see cyberbullying and
cyberharassment is what they did to me
the forera of daily look for it Game
Over daily those bullying or for
example what this bully did to me
not with the one that well what I already told in
the report that  they made me in the sixth
that you defame that you betray your
friend that you lie to your followers
saying that you have fixed the things that you
have spoken with him and that you now make
another video lying and that you no longer know
where to go and you invent that they have
reprimanded your mother I do not believe it my
mother has even happened to her that when
Per was walking the dogs through the pipicn a
group of kids yelled at her that if she was the
rat's mother I think it is a
situation that should be reflected on
a little because I think it is a limit that is that I do
not believe it directly I do not believe it
karcher It is that you have just
invented things that can be verified
imagine it is that they cannot be verified that I do
not believe it If you are inventing
right now that you misread the message and
you read it out loud and you have invented the thing
about disassociating yourself that it was not because it is that you
are liars and that's it I do
not want to give up dumping the
subject more I do not want to lengthen it I would like to
thank all of you who
have  sent loving messages these
days but I
don't want to
go any further on the subject because it's a subject
that as I said at the beginning I want
this to be the end of it, egg, of course
your huge egg I don't want the
subject to be talked about anymore, I'll decide when
the subject ends, of course your eggs I mean,
you leave a lie here You leave
a lie here but well, let
the subject stay here, the end of a nightmare and as if
this hadn't happened, of course.
Well, of course I want it to be
the end for you and as if this hadn't happened,
as if I hadn't been left as a
lying, interested rat. Please
guys, let this be as if it didn't
happen, eh. He hasn't apologized or
acknowledged a thing but on top of that he
's asking us to be as if nothing had
happened please let this be
but not only the end but
as if it hadn't happened, of course, carch
we will treat you as if nothing had
really happened because your
mask has barely been seen and we have barely noticed
how false and climber you are, of course and what
else And what else because no, I don't want to
have it again  that I remember this never ever
again
there with her put the following tweet
person who possibly eats ass I
open thread and attach a photo of axozer
okay Okay so I said that auronplay appeared in the
scene No what the [ __ ] is auron doing
well
literally I do
n't know about you little mentally ill people
in cure but to me this one
was touched and touched the heart If it's that
the poor thing was even in shock he
tells her a couple of
black humor jokes and she has a brain infarction
damn Well that auronplay to make
the joke a photo of Jeffrey damer the
actor for the record I don't know if he's a real serious one
I already knew the story of this guy I
mean when I saw the series I already knew
how it was going to end because I think that there
are videos of this man by Dross there are
videos from many channels there are
documentaries But it's still
worth watching the series because everything is very
well represented I know if the
joke was because he was H sexually
speaking or because he practiced cannibalism
but the tweet was there that debate that is
not going to be defined
many photos
the expression on the face
expression
this photo this photo here you  I can
buy it more because that's type This
does refer to the reaction
or you don't want to talk you say but or rather the
minimum she has taken out her little nails dear
She
has him scared eh Because I think she
has him scared But because he believes
that at any moment she will stop being
interested in the relationship with him and she leaves him and
he is scared like this it is
impressive Okay family that carches does
not want us to talk about the subject but
not that we do not talk about the subject
Simply but that we do not talk about the
subject and that it does not exist Why Because no I do not
want to have to remember
this again ever ever again I hope you
have a good night and I will see you
tomorrow with the squid and I will see you tomorrow
with the Script
But he has lied but look if he has
lied he even lies like a
scoundrel about something else the day before he posted
a tweet saying Hey tonight a
5 minute live of something that I
consider important before
yesterday he thought it was going to be a 5
minute live of something that he considers
important suddenly when I upload the
video to the half shore  more or less I don't have
WiFi yet and there's barely any coverage
tomorrow we'll see each other and talk what he does
is that the next day he uploads the
recorded video to tweet if this video had been
recorded the day before at the end of the
video it wouldn't say see you tomorrow on the
equipment What happens is that this video
recorded with this 5-minute script is
what they improvised because the night
between Sunday night and
yesterday day, okay, I mean
literally they lie down to the
smallest thing
[Music]